Mechanics:
•	Damage
•	Counterspells
•	Draw
•	Defensive (Uncounterable stacks)
•	Life
•	Spell tokens (“Token” spells added to stacks)
•	“Spell slot matters”-type
•	Steal spells (from opponent’s stacks)
•	Spells that boost other spells
•	Spells that effect channel times
•	Spells with effects during channeling

Begin with 20 life

Turn structure
1. "Beginning of turn" triggers
2. Move each channeling spell up 1 stack
3. Resolve any spells that have been cast
4. Tick Recharge counter down 1 and end turn
OR
4. Draw a card
5. Play a card
6. "End of turn" triggers

C# = Channel for # turns
R# = Recharge for # turns
Focus = Focus effects apply only while being channeled.

When you cast a spell with RX, move your "Recharge" counter UP to X.
As long as your recharge counter is greater than 0, you cannot play cards.

Firebolt – C2
Deal 2 damage to target player.

Fireball – C4 R1
Deal 4 damage to target player.

Counterspell - R4
Counter target spell.

Intense Thought - C3
Draw 2 cards.

Crumple - C8
Counter every spell in target stack.

Quicken - C1 R1
Reduce the channel of target spell by 2.

Slug - C1 R1
Increase the channel of target spell by 2.

Mental Barrier - C7
Focus - Spells in the same stack as Mental Barrier cannot be countered.

Blessing of Vigour - R1
You gain 5 life.

Mirror Force - C1 R4
Whenever a source would deal damage to you before your next turn, that damage is instead dealt to that source's controller.

Blobify - C5
Counter target spell.

Intense Focus - C2
Focus - Spells you control deal double damage.

Meditate - R2
Discard your hand and draw 3 cards.

Fire Blast - C4 R1
Deal 5 damage to each player.

Poison - C5 R5
When you begin channeling Poison, choose a player.
Focus - At the beginning of your turn, deal 2 damage to the chosen player.

Vas - C9
Deal 3 damage to each opponent.
If Vas is cast in the same turn as a spell called "Kal" and a spell called "Corp", deal 30 damage to each opponent.

Kal - C6
Deal 2 damage to each opponent.
If Kal is cast in the same turn as a spell called "Corp" and a spell called "Vas", deal 20 damage to each opponent.

Corp - C3
Deal 1 damage to each opponent.
If Corp is cast in the same turn as a spell called "Vas" and a spell called "Kal", deal 10 damage to each opponent.

Brainstorm - R1
Deal damage to target player equal to the number of spells cast this turn (including Brainstorm).

Discombobulate - C4
Deal damage to target player equal to twice the number of spells cast this turn (including Discombobulate).

Essence Drain - C5 R3
When you begin channeling Essence Drain, choose a player.
Focus - At the beginning of your turn, deal 1 damage to the chosen player and you gain 1 life.

Mind Control - C5
Gain control of target spell.

Distraction - R3
Counter target spell with Channel cost 3 or less.

Dud - C3
Counter target spell at Channel 1.

Hidden Intentions - C7
Cast a spell in your hand.

Burst of Intelligence - C2 R4
Decrease the Channel of all spells you control by 2.

Stagger - C2 R4
Increase the Channel of all spells target player controls by 2.

Harmonious Blessing - C3
You gain 1 life for each spell you control.

Harmonious Blast - C6
Deal damage to target opponent equal to the number of spells you control.

Misfire - C2 R5
Counter target spell at Channel 1. Deal damage to its controller equal to its Combined Time Cost.

Parry - C2 RX
When Parry is cast, choose a value for X.
Counter target spell with Channel cost X.

Mind Crush - C8
Target player discards their hand.

Inspiration - R3
Draw 3 cards.

Absorption - C5
Focus - Whenever a spell is cast, gain 1 life.

Zap - C0
Deal 1 damage to target opponent.
You may play an additional spell this turn.

Thought Crumple - R2
Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a card from it. That player discards that card.

Mystical Manipulation - C1 R3
Move target spell to Channel 3.

Silence - R5
Counter all spells.

Bind - C3
Target opponent gets Recharge 2.

Replicate - C5
Copy target spell being cast this turn. You may choose new targets for the copy.

Genius Accelleration - C5 R5
Focus - At the beginning of your turn, draw an additional card.

Splitting Spell - C5
Deal 1 damage to target player.
When this spell is cast, begin channeling two copies of it.

(42) 

Decay - C3 R3
Focus - At the beginning of your turn, target player discards a card.

Blur - C1 R1
Counter target spell with Focus.

Lethal Curse - C10
Deal 13 damage to target player. If that player does not lose the game, you lose the game.

Wall of Slime - C1 R1
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you until your next turn.

Slow Burn - C3 R3
Focus - At the beginning of your turn, deal damage to target opponent equal to the current Channel of Slow Burn.

Deep in Thought - C5
Search your deck for a card and put it in your hand.

Lost Memory - C3
Return target spell from your discard pile to your hand.

Second Attempt - C2 R1
Move target spell to the Channel zone equal to its Channel cost.